Update ha_network_storage.md to make it clear which config file (#7084)
blakeblackshear/frigate: docs/docs/guides/ha_network_storage.md

### Initial Setup

1. Stop the Frigate addon

> 2. Update your [config](https://docs.frigate.video/configuration/) so the DB is stored in the /config directory by adding:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Update your [config](configuration/index.md) so the DB is stored in the /config directory by adding:
```
